WHAT DOES IT guy isn't welcome.
So in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you work with this that's a CEO Plug-In.
OK.
So we're going to be configuring this plug in whole plug in and we're going to be understanding that
what you need to do with this plug and how this plug in is going to work and make him upset or create
and respect the respect of the CEO.
So let's just go ahead and let's go to dashboard right now.
So in here it says the first time a CEO what this is it will ask you some questions and then you will
answer it.
You have to make sure that you answer every questions.
It's feel like give you options and then you have to just select it and then your Yeoville the work
will be set accordingly.
So I'm going to be clicking here and it's going to take me to the configuration wizard.
So let's just come here and you can see it says Welcome.
So here is your Yost's SU for Wordpress installation wizard.
And here we have 12 steps that it will take us to.
And our CEO will be ready.
So let's just go ahead and let's click configure your ACL.
OK.
Then I click this click configure to see you will be taken to the next page and it takes environment.
So my site is live and ready to be in next or my site is under construction and should not be that that's
going to be selecting the first option because my website is ready.
Let's suppose.
OK because if your website is not ready then you should be selecting the option me and then you can
change it later on to Option A.
If you want to.
So let's just go ahead and let's click next.
And we'll be taking to our next page and here it's a site type.
So here we can select your Web site type data what is your Web site type.
OK so it's going to be like a blog an e-commerce Web site a blog with a news channel or a small office
like business or corporation portfolio or something else.
So it totally depends upon you.
I'm going to be choosing like let's suppose that this is a small online business.
OK I'm going to be clicking next year as a company or a person so to be selecting a company and the
company name is going to be like create a blue P site.
OK so this is let's suppose that this is my company name I'm going to be clicking next and it's going
to take me down here and here I have to give all the social profiles here.
OK so it can be like Facebook Twitter Instagram like MySpace Pinterest YouTube and Google.
So you have to credos these social profiles and then you have to add them here for you and every social
profile here.
You have to click here and you will be taken to the next page.
And here is the post-time post stype pages post-time media what the post means post means the blog post.
OK you guys already know about the blog post.
I have.
I have explained everything.
So the blog post will be indexed by Google.
This mean that Google will be able to index blog post and Google will show our blog post into its search
engine.
And this means that the pages so everything.
What I said one does is apply to this pages OK.
And then we have the media so we don't want media to be visible to Google because we don't want it.
If you want it to be visible then you can click here and Google will grab all the images from your website
and Google will show them in the google doc.
So let's just go ahead and let's click Next heard multiple authors.
This means that if you have like multiple authors like your have a blog you I already showed you that
how you can work with two or three auteurs were different authors can post to your website into your
blog.
OK so let's just go ahead and let's click next.
We don't have any multiple Autor and ERYXIAS Google search console.
OK.
So I'll leave this as it is.
We will be working on this later on.
OK so you can just click get authorization code and you can just authorize it at Google.
OK so you have to select your account Google account and here it's easy to view and manage.
I mean you click allow.
I'm going to copy this code.
Let's copy.
Let's come here and let's paste it and let's just hit authenticate.
So it's to negated and here it says Choose a profile.
So we'll be choosing this later on because we have to create a profile for us so you will not be seeing
any of the profile here.
I'm going to be clicking next and it's going to take me to then next.
And it's titled setting cell.
It's going to be my title if I just go to my domain.
OK so this is my domain name that I have right now.
And here it says home how to create a WP site.
So it's not like a web site name.
So it's going to be like how to create a W.P. site.
And here is the title separator so you can be like this is the title or Prader you can see this is called
If I choose it like I needed a dot I need to really use this because I really like this.
I think it's so cute.
So that is why I always use this to all of my web sites that I created.
Somehow I also use this because it looks kind of professional.
So I'm going to be using this one and I'm going to be clicking in next.
And here is the newsletter.
So if you want to join their newsletter they say they send news about the CEO like you will Gorham's
and everything.
So if you want to join this I would highly recommend you to join this or you have to just enter your
name and email and you have to sign yourself up for it.
Google for the CEO for yoost newsletter I'm going to be clicking next.
And here it might like.
We have to click next.
And now we have to just hit close because we are now totally done.
So now we have set up the basic things of our CEO.
OK.
You can see everything is done.
Now we have to move forward to the General tab and here is going to be a general settings so we don't
have to work here anything.
We have to come here to the features and make sure we just come here and here select the Advanced Settings
pages so we have to work with this because this is so important to not work with anything else.
This is enabled as well.
OK so I'm going to be clicking save changes and you can see there will be so many options available
to us.
You can see now we will be working up the settings.
OK these are so important.
You can see we have our Web site name and company and everything is already said you can add your logo
if you want to.
So it's going to be like OK if I just search for like Apple OK.
Sorry I have to search Apple on Google.
OK.
I'm come here and I am going to search Microsoft.
Indeed this is right here.
So this is a box that is coming so this is mean by this company so you can add a logo here and the logo
is going to appear here.
So if you add it it will be good for you.
Now we have to go to the V.M. tools available working with the web master tools later on.
And we have our security so we don't have to disable it yet.
Oh sorry enable it.
So now we are done with the basic settings.
OK I have gave you the basic introduction of this.
OK.
And in the next video we'll be working up the basic settings of title in me does.
I'm going I'm going to be basically showing you the most important readings that you have to do and
that are critical to your website so you have to do it and it's compulsory.
OK.
The rest are not too important if you do it at school.
If you don't do it no problem.
OK.
So in the next video we'll be working out what these telling me does doesn't everything.
But before going into that I want to give you some of the tips on writing an article or writing a page.
So writing an article or writing a page.
So in the next video I'll be giving you some tips.
Ok so that you can understand that how to write a post how to write an article and then we'll be working
up in these table and meetings and everything sitting right here so Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.